Hello, and welcome back to my channel, people!

I've finally decided on a concrete name for this channel, which is the same as my
instagram handle - Uncanny Pronk.

Now, if you have followed my channel for a long time (which is very unlikely, but
if you did, you're amazing.), you would already know that I have changed this channel's
name a lot in the past, but I guess this one is here to stay.

Now, let's get started with this video.

I've been working on this stickman fighting game called "Bloodlust" for quite some
time now... (over-the-top name, I know.) and instead of posting devlogs from the
beginning, here I am posting the first devlog after coding the main part of the game.

But, it doesn't really matter, cause the stuff I have done till now is probably really
boring and dull to you guys, so lemme just explain what I have got going here.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

So, the programming language I'm using to develop this game is called "Python" and
trust me, it's really easy to learn.
The GUI or graphical user interface that I'm using for this magical part is called
pygame and honestly, it's pretty amazing.

then there is this module called "py tts x3", which I'll keep as a secret for now,
and show you what it does, rather than talk about it.

Anyway, without further adieu, Let's run this bad boy.

*run game*

First, we are greeted with a rather simple looking Main menu, which I'll beautify later on.

Start and Exit are the only functional buttons, cause I haven't really come to the point of
making a settings tab yet.
 *click on start*

Remember I was telling you about the mystery mouseketool called pyttsx3? See the magic.

*after "feel free to move around"*

pyttsx3 is a text-to-speech python module that instantaneously narrates the text instead
of saving it locally as an mp3 file. This has a lot of benefits which you'll see in the
upcoming devlogs.

First, when you start the game, it gives you a tutorial on how to go about playing this game.

*go along with the tutorial*

*after the sword swing tutorial*
Now I've added a timer that counts down a thousand iterations... which I'm guessing is
around a 100 seconds, or maybe 50. Ah, I'm bad at math, so stop judging me, not that I care
though.

Anyway, the art and animation of the stickman and the sword were drawn using a free pixel art
software called "Piskel" which is really light and easy to use.

*show piskel window*

Then here is level 1. For this, I've added a purple enemy, who comes walking to the player
from a distance, and when he comes near the player and notices them, he starts sprinting
towards the player, and starts swinging his sword, and he also follows you wherever you go.
Since the enemy is a bit faster than the player, he cannot be outran, so you have to face him
head on.

I have not added a hp bar or any other UI element yet, so I guess that will be added in the next devlog.

With this, let's wrap up this video, where I have just explained what I have done till now.

Hope you guys liked this video, and if you did, make sure to click the thumbs up button below.

And if you wish to see more of such content, or want to see how badass this game ends up,
consider subscribing. It's free of cost, and a really nice gesture.

Hope y'all have a amazing day, and help other have a good day too.
Peace!